Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: fda5fd86-29c1-48f3-853f-169311dadb8a
Review date: August 01, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.1


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness


We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the in-app purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to subscriptions but the associated in-app purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your in-app purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit in-app purchases for review. Learn more about required in-app purchase metadata.

Resources 

Learn more about how to offer in-app purchases in App Store Connect Developer Help.


Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: tapping on the subscription plans did not produce any action. 

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air (5th generation) 
- OS version: iPadOS 18.5

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.



Guideline 2.2 - Performance - Beta Testing


Your app includes content or features that users aren't able to use in this version. Apps that are for demos or trial purposes are not appropriate for the App Store.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please complete, remove, or fully configure any partially implemented features. If your app is not ready for public distribution, use TestFlight to test your app.

Resources

- To learn more about our policies for beta testing, see App Review Guideline 2.2.
- Test apps and invite users to provide feedback with TestFlight Beta Testing.


Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. If the app already supports account deletion, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and identify where to locate this feature.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.