Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: fda5fd86-29c1-48f3-853f-169311dadb8a
Review date: August 15, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.5


Guideline 2.5.1 - Performance - Software Requirements


Your app's binary includes references to HealthKit components, but the app does not appear to include any primary features that require health or fitness data at this time. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please remove any HealthKit functionality from the app, as well as any references to this app’s interactivity with HealthKit from the app or its metadata. This includes removing any HealthKit-related keys in the app's Info.plist or InfoPlist.strings files, as well as removing any calls to HealthKit APIs, including those from third-party platforms, from the app.

Resources 

Learn more about the HealthKit framework.


Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata

Issue Description

The 13-inch iPad screenshots do not show the actual app in use in the majority of the screenshots. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show your app in use.
- Confirm that the screenshots appear identical to the app in all languages and on all supported devices. For example, screenshots can include the controls, interface or menus present in the app. 
- Make sure that the screenshots show the app in use on the correct device. For example, iPhone screenshots should show the app as it appears on iPhone, not on iPad. Screenshots of the app on multiple Apple platforms can be included to demonstrate compatibility. 

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.


Guideline 2.1 - Information Needed


The app binary includes the PassKit framework for implementing Apple Pay, but we were unable to verify any integration of Apple Pay within the app.

Next Steps

If the app integrates the functionality referenced above, indicate where in the app we can locate it.

If the app does not include this functionality, indicate this information in the Review Notes section for each version of the app in App Store Connect when submitting for review.
